---
layout: post
title: Interview with Seungwoo Lee @ Facebook Software Engineer
category: Tech Talk
excerpt_separator:  <!--more-->
---

***What you are doing now will be the result after 5 years.***
***Find your happiness.***

# Q1.

Unlike other companies in Silicon Valley, Uber has been told that there is discriminatory treatment for women. Basically, in a company with such a perception, is it necessary for a female engineer to survive in a company other than a skillful one?

> It seems that CEOs should consider equal culture. Uber CEO did not. In fact, it is the driving force of Uber's success. Now, such a trend is changing a lot.

# Q2.

I saw you worked as a web developer in Columbia University in the City of New York, What did you do as a web developer in graduate school?

> I created a website that uses the Django framework to tell me what's bird by taking bird photos and uploading them. I did not sleep much.

# Q3.

You’ve been on Facebook for four months, Have you ever felt totally seperated culture which can only found in Facebook?

> Both Uber and Facebook are fast moving and competing cultures.
The difference is that Uber is a culture that kills each other, and Facebook is a culture of good competition.

# Q4.

After 3 years in Korea, you went to US. What is the pros and cons of Korean corporate culture and American corporate culture?

> Korea puts an emphasis on working hard together, and the United States places emphasis on results (whether individuals or teams)
If you can not do it in Korea, you will get soul on the spot and release it later.
If you do not do it in the US, you will lose your job and give it to someone else.

# Q5.

One of the corporate cultures on Facebook is that they often change teams. What do you think about the pros and cons of this culture?

> On Facebook, it's important to make the product fast. Anyone should be able to do something else tomorrow. There is an opportunity to learn about what to do with the team to move. There is a learning center in the company, and it is the culture that learns while helping each other in the team.

# Q6.

What is the difference between American and Korean welfare?

> In the US, company support a variety of things inside the company, so we can not go out of the company.
It is not easy to turnover in Korea, so the company does not put much effort into the welfare.

* * *

## REVIEW
<dl>
    <dt>Seungwoo Jeong</dt>
        <dd>It was good time to hear various company culture, and differences between Korean and US company style.</dd>
    <dt>Minjun Cha</dt>
        <dd>It was an interesting interview.
        Where can I hear about corporate culture?
        Even IBM, Uber, Facebook ... it was significant.
        It was exciting to hear about the culture of each company in detail. The current job is to show you the results in five years, and you're asking me to catch the goal five years later, and I'll be studying in Silicon Valley five years later!</dd>
    <dt>Seunghwan Hong</dt>
        <dd>It was good experience to listening Silicon Valley’s overall culture, especially Facebook’s. Now I’m eager to find job in here :)</dd>
    <dt>Hyeonggeun Eom</dt>
        <dd>He is the one who lives the life I want to live. He was the first person to go the way I wanted to go, so I had a lot of questions and time was short.</dd>
</dl>

- **Teamname** : Quadcore 
- **Leader** : Minjun Cha