---
layout: post
title: Interview with Ering Yang @ Visa Principal Product Designer
category: Tech Talk
excerpt_separator:  <!--more-->
---

***Commitment is constantly doing constantly. It is different from multitasking.***
***The designer is a translator, a dating consultant, and an astrologer.***

# Q1.

Because of cultural differences, UX designs required in US and Korea seems to be different. I wonder what parts were different in terms of Interaction Design

> There are not many Korean fonts. So designers use image fonts a lot. It can not be searched, It needs designers to edit. 

# Q2.

You have worked on yahoo for many years and have worked on many projects. Did you take the project you want? Or was it assigned by the company? Do you have a rest period after the project is over? 

> Opportunity is open. It is similar in Korea and America.

# Q3.

How is the designer evaluated?

> They assess how much my design has affected the consumer. Attitude impact, difficulty etc …

# Q4.

What design do you admire during the design you’ve seen so far?

> Tesla! Elegance is refusal.

* * *

## REVIEW
<dl>
    <dt>Seungwoo Jeong</dt>
        <dd>It made it easier for me to understand the difference between Korea and the US company culture. It was good to know about UX which is not known well, and to get advice about project.</dd>
    <dt>Minjun Cha</dt>
        <dd>I learned about the differences between UI design in Korea and USA. I have enjoyed the unfamiliar field of design.</dd>
    <dt>Seunghwan Hong</dt>
        <dd>She compared some company culture between Asia and North America. It was great to know about that.</dd>
    <dt>Hyeonggeun Eom</dt>
        <dd>I could see how hard she lived.
        It was wonderful to be able to achieve without fearing new things.</dd>
</dl>

- **Teamname** : Quadcore 
- **Leader** : Minjun Cha