---
layout: post
title: Interview with David Lee @ Google Interaction Designer
category: Tech Talk
excerpt_separator:  <!--more-->
---

# Q1.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of having to leave the company so fast that you have not worked in the company for more than three years?

> There are many advantages to learning and not tired.
Disadvantages are difficulties in promotion, and it takes a lot of energy to turnover.
In Google, it's good to encourage other hobbies.

# Q2.

In developing process, which experience is the most severe conflict experience? And why?

> Clashes occur every hour almost every day.
Documentation about collisions is important.
The smarter the person, the more frequent the conflict.
I try to find a solution by creating a prototype and showing it.

# Q3.

In the case of software engineer, there is a standardized form of Interview. For the UX designer, how does interview work?

> There is a separate UX recuriter. They mainly look at resume and portfolio. Once the resume passes, you will conduct a telephone interview with the designers. They see if your project is true or not, and they also take a design test. Ask about what you did best in one project.

# Q4.

If there is an engineer interested in UX/UI, what should he prepare to become a designer?

> It is important to see from the standpoint of others.
Focus on what you do best.


# Q5.

UX also seems to be able to discuss successes and failures. How can you define failures in UX?

> Failure without learning is failure.

# Q6.

I would like to hear about David Lee's prototype design method, which is one of the best prototypes. Also, each method is important, but what do you usually use the most?

> I think about how you can get a pass without doing the most work. Anyway, what I made is a one-time thing, so I do not spend much time and proceed with speedy. When I create a prototype and show it to users, I change it if there is an error.

# Q7.

It is written in a letter of recommendation that you are very creative and fresh, so how do you get inspiration for such ideas and how do you envision them?

> I have been trained and practiced for creative and fresh ideas. Believe in yourself. It's a good idea to keep thinking where you are. Whatever you do, you have to be happy. Ask questions about users as prototypes.

# Q8.

What was the difficulty of changing as an UX Designer when you started as a web designer and programmer?

> What people around you do not know.
Acting like an UX designer.
Weak visual.

# Q9.

It is difficult to get recognition from others. Your Linked-in profile is full of praise for you from people who worked with you. What is the secret to becoming a person you want to work with?

> Sincerity and commitment are important.

# Q10.

I think there isn’t any jobs that is as sensitive to user reviews as UX Designer. I'm wondering specifically how you can get user reviews.

> There are ways to pay for reviews and to call users and test them. For exmaple, Internal/External, Onsite/Offsite, Survey/Focus Croup, Usability testing, Forum / Rating Survey.

* * *

## REVIEW
<dl>
    <dt>Seungwoo Jeong</dt>
        <dd>What is prototype?, What do UX designer do?, all the questions were solved and I got interested in the UX designer after hearing his story.</dd>
    <dt>Minjun Cha</dt>
        <dd>For me, the prototype was a very unfamiliar job. I heard about the best experts in the field, and I felt 'It is a very interesting world'. I wanted to live like him in Silicon Valley later on. I will study in my heart with the words that failure without learning is failure.</dd>
    <dt>Seunghwan Hong</dt>
        <dd>UX engineering was my interested field. I earned so many good know-hows for building career of UX engineer!</dd>
    <dt>Hyeonggeun Eom</dt>
        <dd>David was a much cooler man than I had heard. It was so nice to live as he wanted, and the attitude of not afraid of new challenges was so cool. The lecture on the prototype was really perfect.</dd>
</dl>

- **Teamname** : Quadcore 
- **Leader** : Minjun Cha

