---
layout: post
title: Interview with Inwoo Cheon @ Facebook Software Engineer
category: Tech Talk
excerpt_separator:  <!--more-->
---

***I want to work while thinking about my own mission.***
***Technology is making the world more unequal. But this problem can only be solved by technology.***

# Q1.

When did you feel proud?

> I feel proud when I launch a product and see visible results, but I always feel a little proud.

# Q2.

What did you do to Oracle?

> The Security team studied for 3 months.

# Q3.

How did research work in a socially difficult country?

> Consistent rules exist as in other research. There are research team that only research.

# Q4.

If you were not on Facebook, where would you like to go?

> Google

# Q5.

What are your future goals?

> I am in trouble. Promotion is a small goal in life. I am not interested in business.

# Q6.

How is your company life?

> Each team is different and different every year. Fortresses mainly focus on people management and meetings.

# Q7.

It seems that your role in the current team is to translate the needs of the researchers into a solution. Do you have experience in doing something with the Researcher instead of creating a product?

> Team-to-team interaction is much higher and more efficient than doing two. Both designers and engineers are involved in planning.

# Q8.

If you were Facebook recruiter, who do you want to choose?

> I think communication skill is most important.

# Q9.

San Francisco is also a region of great inequality. Is the company or yourself taking measures to solve this problem?

> I think the solution to the gap between the rich and the poor in this region is largely lacking in technology. In order to solve this problem, it is necessary to solve educational problems.

* * *

## REVIEW
<dl>
    <dt>Seungwoo Jeong</dt>
        <dd>I was surprised to hear that he graduated from his undergraduate at a young age and worked on Facebook. It was great to see him work with his own values, and it was good to have fun after the tech talk.</dd>
    <dt>Minjun Cha</dt>
        <dd>He was a perfect man. The solution of inequality through technology ... The subject was very interesting.</dd>
    <dt>Seunghwan Hong</dt>
        <dd>Just wonder how great his career is. He tells us about solving inequality using technology. It was nice talk!</dd>
    <dt>Hyeonggeun Eom</dt>
        <dd>Too perfect man. I tried to find out what he did not have, but eventually I could not find it.</dd>
</dl>

- **Teamname** : Quadcore 
- **Leader** : Minjun Cha