---
layout: post
title: Interview with Hohyon Ryu @ Airbnb Software Engineer
category: Tech Talk
excerpt_separator:  <!--more-->
---

***Innovation comes when I think about the problem I want to solve.***    
***The One Thing That Never Changes is Change!***    

# Q1.

Is it essential for you to work in the US?

> Ryu : Employment in the United States is much more favorable for masters and doctorates. This is because they really want an expert here.
Soo : The bachelor is not disadvantageous.. The Master's advantage is that he has studied the field further. Drs can rather narrow their capabilities.

# Q2.

Does not anyone make a decision in Silicon Valley?

> Rather than making a decision, they help us.

# Q3.

How can the corporate culture of our country change to the era of innovation?


> The distribution of the decision must be made above. Large companies themselves have to collapse or start up a lot.


# Q4.

Is it meaningless to work hard?


> In the United States, it is important to do well in the end.


# Q5.

What is your mission?

> Innovations in US real estate payment systems using block chains


# Q6.

What do you mean that a company is constant and change is variable?

> Companies in Korea should not be destroyed. You have to adapt to change. Change is natural in Silicon Valley. The company is a variable that is lost and created. The only constant is change.

# Q7.

I think the government's policy hinders the development of Silicon Valley. What do you think about this?


> In fact, what the government takes is not a big blow to Silicon Valley. Money is a virtuous cycle because the market economy is activated differently from Korea.

* * *

## REVIEW
<dl>
    <dt>Seungwoo Jeong</dt>
        <dd>"The One Thing That Never Changes is Change!”, I was really touched by his speech and mission.</dd>
    <dt>Minjun Cha</dt>
        <dd>It was an interesting lecture to learn about the differences in corporate culture between Korea and Silicon Valley. It was good to hear about future trend.</dd>
    <dt>Seunghwan Hong</dt>
        <dd>He shows us how great if we combine other learnings to the CS. It was my goal too. He was a developer from Twitter who makes the language processing library which I used. I absolutely surprised! It was nice moment.</dd>
    <dt>Hyeonggeun Eom</dt>
        <dd>I could see how powerful computer science is when combined with other majors. He knew what he could do, and his strength was certain. I was envious of that.</dd>
</dl>

- **Teamname** : Quadcore 
- **Leader** : Minjun Cha